Add Order-in-Advance feature (#202)
AY2021S1-CS2103T-T12-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">
**:information_source: Notes about the item command format:**<br>

* Commands with suffix of `-i` refer to `item` related commands, while those with suffix of `-d` refer to `delivery` related commands. <br>
  e.g. `add-i` is used to add an `item` and `add-d` is used to add a `delivery`
  
* In the format of commands, `INDEX` refers to the numbering that is displayed.
  <br> ![Index](images/Index.png)<br>

* In the format of commands, words in `UPPER_CASE` are what you would input.<br>
  e.g. for a command with format `add-i n/NAME q/QUANTITY`, <br>
  replace `NAME` and `QUANTITY` with your input: `add-i n/Chicken q/10`.

> * In the format of commands, square brackets are to indicate optional fields. The square brackets are not necessary.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the format of commands, square brackets are to indicate optional fields. The fields in the square brackets are not mandatory to input.<br>
```

Author: Actually i meant to say that the square brackets themselves are not necessary bc that was what Aileen feedbacked to us

Reviewer: Iirc that was because Aileen had a misunderstanding between the command format and the actual command. Saying square brackets are not necessary is wrong because if you put them in the actual command then it's wrong

Author: ok fixed in latest commit
